Add coveralls reports to readme (#1470)
UMAprotocol/protocol: README.md

./ci/coverage.sh core
```

> The full report can be viewed by opening the `core/coverage/index.html` file in a browser. The full report can be viewed by opening the `core/coverage/index.html` file in a browser. You can also find an online version of our covarge report on [coveralls](https://coveralls.io/builds/30869565).

Reviewer: I think this link is to a particular build, not the UMAProtocol coveralls homepage.

```suggestion
The full report can be viewed by opening the `core/coverage/index.html` file in a browser. The full report can be viewed by opening the `core/coverage/index.html` file in a browser. You can also find an online version of our covarge report on [coveralls](https://coveralls.io/github/UMAprotocol/protocol).
```

Reviewer 2: agreed
